# Mindset for long run 
## What is Quality 
In this mini-doc, we use the term quality management rather than quality assurance. Information from testing can help improve the quality but can’t “assure” the quality is there. The most popular definition seems to be one from Jerry Weinberg - “Quality is value to some person”. W Edward Deming defined good quality as: “predictable degree of uniformity and dependability with a quality standard suited to the customer”. People talk about quality as if there is only one kind – all encompassing, but it’s not. For example, product quality is about quality of finished product – what our customers experience. When teams try to measure quality, it’s usually about how well they adhere to their processes which is really something different. There are other stakeholders who also have an interest in a product’s quality. There are many lenses in how people view quality.  
### Process quality  
In the development cycle, the emphasis is on the practices followed to build the product. The focus is on defect prevention and limiting rework, and this is often where many teams spend their time building it right and measuring the quality of the process. Many teams target testing in this perspective.  
Some processes that support quality are: TDD (test-driven development), coding for maintainability, peer reviews, continuous integration, exploratory testing or even conforming to the “Definition of Done”. Teams measure process quality, the technology-facing quality that the team owns, the practices that help them build quality in. They aim to answer the question: “Are we building it right?” 
### Product-based quality  
People often assume that using good ingredients should make a good product. If quality is viewed as an inherent characteristic of goods, higher quality means better performance, and enhanced features – things that may increase the cost of the product. This thinking may be slightly flawed. Using the metaphor of cooking, an ordinary cook with good ingredients may not have a good outcome, but a great chef with ordinary ingredients may produce something magical. We need to understand what our product is and how it is put together.  
Some processes that teams can do to help support product quality are: ATDD (acceptance test-driven development) or BDD (behavior-driven development). Testing quality attributes such as security, performance or reliability is another example. The question to be answered is: “Does it work as expected (or desired)?” 
### User-based quality  
The user-based perspective is what is most often used to talk about quality, and it is highly subjective and highly personal. 
 It assumes that consumers possess sufficient information to evaluate product quality. If they do not, they will rely on other cues when making that assessment. Let’s consider a cup of coffee. Some folks prefer a simple black medium roast coffee to a well-made cappuccino, but others take the cappuccino every time. Who is your consumer? Who is evaluating? 


